Improve the way to add strawberry models to the schema (#617)
workfloworchestrator/orchestrator-core: docs/architecture/application/graphql.md

    )
    new: str = strawberry.field(resolve_new, description="new resolver")

# without customers.
@strawberry.federation.type(description="Orchestrator queries")
class NewQueryWithoutCustomers(OrchestratorQuery):
    other_processes: Connection[ProcessType] = authenticated_field(
        resolver=resolve_processes,
        description="resolve_processes used for another field",
    )
    new: str = strawberry.field(resolve_new, description="new resolver")

app = OrchestratorCore(base_settings=AppSettings())
# register SUBSCRIPTION_MODEL_REGISTRY
app.register_graphql(query=NewQuery)
```

## Adding federated types to the graphql

> Within a federation, it is possible to add orchestrator data to graphql types from other sources by extending the `DEFAULT_GRAPHL_MODELS` dictionary with your own federated classes and adding them as parameter to `app.register_graphql(graphql_models={}). Here is an example for when instead of overriding the customers resolver, you instead use a different graphql source (know that not storing any customer data in the orchestator will make filtering and sorting unavailable and very tricky to implement):

Reviewer: have we explained the concept of federation anywhere in the docs? if not, maybe add a short line about it somewhere, and link to https://strawberry.rocks/docs/federation/introduction

> Within a federation, it is possible to add orchestrator data to graphql types from other sources by extending the `DEFAULT_GRAPHL_MODELS` dictionary with your own federated classes and adding them as parameter to `app.register_graphql(graphql_models={}). Here is an example for when instead of overriding the customers resolver, you instead use a different graphql source (know that not storing any customer data in the orchestator will make filtering and sorting unavailable and very tricky to implement):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within a federation, it is possible to add orchestrator data to graphql types from other sources by extending the `DEFAULT_GRAPHL_MODELS` dictionary with your own federated classes and adding them as parameter to `app.register_graphql(graphql_models={})`. Here is an example for when instead of overriding the customers resolver, you instead use a different graphql source (know that not storing any customer data in the orchestator will make filtering and sorting unavailable and very tricky to implement):
```

class Customer:
    customer_id: str

    @classmethod
    async def resolve_reference(cls, customer_id: str) -> "Customer":  # noqa: N803
        return Customer(customer_id=customer_id)

    @authenticated_field(description="Returns subscriptions of a customer")  # type: ignore
    async def subscriptions(
        self,
        info: OrchestratorInfo,
        filter_by: list[GraphqlFilter] | None = None,
        sort_by: list[GraphqlSort] | None = None,
        first: int = 10,
        after: int = 0,
    ) -> Connection[SubscriptionInterface]:
        from orchestrator.graphql.resolvers.subscription import resolve_subscriptions

        filter_by_customer_id = (filter_by or []) + [GraphqlFilter(field="customerId", value=str(self.uuid))]  # type: ignore
        return await resolve_subscriptions(info, filter_by_customer_id, sort_by, first, after)

UPDATED_GRAPHQL_MODELS = DEFAULT_GRAPHQL_MODELS | {
    "Customer": Customer,
}

app.register_graphql(query=OrchestratorQuery, graphql_models=UPDATED_GRAPHQL_MODELS)
```

Types that are added in this way but aren't used in a resolver, will be viewable outside of a federation inside the types in the graphql ui interface.

> Adding product or product block strawberry types to the `graphql_models` will skip their generation inside `autoregister_domain_models`. more info [here](#domain-models-auto-registration-for-graphql)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding product or product block strawberry types to the `graphql_models` will skip their generation inside `register_domain_models`. More info [here](#domain-models-auto-registration-for-graphql)
```

## Domain Models Auto Registration for GraphQL

When using the `app.register_graphql()` function, all products in the `SUBSCRIPTION_MODEL_REGISTRY` will be automatically converted into GraphQL types.

> You are able to turn this off with `app.register_graphql(register_models=False)` but will only be able to fetch the default `Subscription` data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are able to turn this off with `app.register_graphql(register_models=False)`, but then you can only query fields from the default `SubscriptionModel`.
```
